Chu Cangfeng
You are a total liar
What's your trouble?
How long are you going to hide from me?
It turned out to be a dog into a bear
A Weight of Crime
Who gave you this?
So you already knew
My dad is not a businessperson at all
He's a murderer and arsonist.
And you are the accomplice who helped him get to the teacher's college
Linger, calm down
Listen to me, not an accomplice
I'm here to save your mother
Also here to save you
Just by what he did
Even nine heads are not enough
I can still trust you
Brother Cao Feng, you are like this
Bring out all the evidence
Let's find a way for your dad together, okay?
Trust me.
Come with me!
come in
Huzi, you came alone
Cut the crap
When will the price promised before be given?
What about the ancient city bear?
Ask him to meet me
Hey, hey, hey.
What the hell grade do you still want to see my big brother?
Personality I like
Come
Take him to Phnom Penh to collect the reward
Wait a minute.